I'm making a Street Fighter style game
completely with AI tools. It's called
Pixel Brawl, a single player fighter
where I build everything with Pixel Lab
for the art, Claude for the code, and
Ray to bring it to life. I started with
an empty folder, told Claude to install
RayB, and set up a new C project. Then I
jumped into Pixel Lab's character
creator and made our first fighter, a
shirtless guy in purple shorts, 64x 64
pixels. Then I animated everything right
there. I just hit the add animation
button, picked the animation type, chose
the direction, and did that for idle,
walk, run, and jump. Super quick, super
clean. After that, I told Claude to
bring the character straight from Pixel
Lab using the MCP. It added the sprite
sheet right into my project, and it
already started implementing the player
without me even telling it. To make
testing easier, I asked Claude to create
a command file so I can just doubleclick
to run the game anytime I want to test.
Day one done. Our purple short legend is
officially alive. Tomorrow we're adding
punches. Come back for day two.